#+title: PU.1 meeting 4
#+date:<2025-05-30 Fri> 


* Draft Methods
- put on the wiki? What is the easiest format?
- Currently in the docs folder

* Task organization?
- Task list is too scattered at the moment
- Weekly task cleanup?
- Don't need David category (can assign people)
** ANSWER
- Might not need this at all 

 
* Folder structure for supplement + Figures

#+begin_example
manuscript/Figures/Figure1/PartA
manuscript/Figures/Figure1/PartA/Supplement/..
manuscript/Supplemental_Tables/...
#+end_example

- Need to make plan (in meeting with Matt)


* DONE Are we using SPAMO?
CLOSED: [2025-05-30 Fri 10:52]
- Not listed in figure mockups
- I might be doing this
- Molly said she would send out an email about this

* DONE Where do the bed files come from in GREAT folder?
CLOSED: [2025-05-30 Fri 11:05]
- Ask hreeja?
** Tentative ANSWER
- Our suspicion is that these come from the same place as the homer bed files

 

* DONE Where do the bed files come from in Homer folder?
CLOSED: [2025-05-30 Fri 09:44]
- Is it the same as the GREAT folder?
- Molly has some script to do Union


* DONE Progress update from Molly?
CLOSED: [2025-05-30 Fri 09:42]
- Check email
- Figure 1 Part C


* DONE Molly Meeting?
CLOSED: [2025-05-30 Fri 09:46]
- Should we meet about HPV project organization (how often?)
- Molly mostly does MPRA (I do processing)
- Use PU.1 time for this


* TODO Make wiki page for meeting notes


* Molly will work on upset plot this week
- Manual barplot
