#+title: PU.1 Meeting 5
#+date:<2025-06-06 Fri>

Progress updates, SPAMO, and more


* TODO Show GREAT figure [1/2]
- Looks good, but need to check GO slim

** TODO Talk to Lee about GO Slim
- I need a [[https://jokergoo.github.io/rGREAT/reference/read_gmt.html][GMT file]], can be from a URL
- Can be done by intersecting, than recomputing FDR (False discovery rate)
- Use Generic GO subset [[https://geneontology.org/docs/go-subset-guide/]]
- Can try to convert OWL to [[https://rdrr.io/bioc/paxtoolsr/man/toGSEA.html][GSEA GMT gene set]]
  

** DONE Ask about merging bed files
CLOSED: [2025-06-06 Fri 10:27]
- Note taken on [2025-06-06 Fri 10:20] \\
  - Intervene generates bed file sets (upset plot)
  - In old_analysis directory
  - Molly will send us code
- Just bedtools merge?
- Need to Make the 7 or 8 merge (how is this different than merging 8?)


* DONE SPAMO?
CLOSED: [2025-06-06 Fri 10:19]
- Note taken on [2025-06-06 Fri 10:07] \\
  Matt wants to go in a different direction, but molly is taking care of it
- I need to send to matt right?
- May not be relevant

* DONE Next week's agenda
CLOSED: [2025-06-06 Fri 10:19]
- Note taken on [2025-06-06 Fri 10:10] \\
  Wait until Shreeja Gets back for Phenotype RELI



* DONE Methods Wiki page (is this a good place for draft methods?)
CLOSED: [2025-06-06 Fri 10:17]
- Note taken on [2025-06-06 Fri 10:09] \\
  Wiki is a good forum
- Subpage of PU.1

 
