#+title: PU.1 meeting 2
#+date:<2025-05-16 Fri>


* Organizational 

Would love some consistency. In an ideal world, I would love for everyone to use git/github as well,
but realize that this is probably unrealistic (Maybe future projects?).


** Mode 1 (Shreeja, Molly)?

I need to know more about data plan, where does it go? Do we want to be methodical?

#+begin_src
|--figures
   |--figure1
      |--code.r
      |--figure.png
#+end_src

** Mode 2 (David)

#+begin_src
|--figures
|  |--figure1
|     |--figure.png
|--scripts
   |--code.r
   |--code.py
|--data
   |--Glass-lab
   |--GEO
|--makefile
#+end_src


* Phenotype RELI
- Limited by GWAS annotation

* DONE GREAT analysis (work on this)
CLOSED: [2025-05-29 Thu 09:04]
- Note taken on [2025-05-29 Thu 09:04] \\
  Moved to PU.1 agenda
- Subsampling solves the "too many peaks" problem
- Should try with R as well.

* MARIO
- Still don't have access to EGA datasets
  

